I haven't I've known for a little while
I just kept it from you guys I got a
couple of doctors I got one in Chicago I
got a couple of doctors here so it's a
few dr. Cole
he's a in Chicago yeah it's a good
question
well that's been tough I mean obviously
when you want to play but it's also been
fun I got a chance to see some exciting
basketball so I can't complain I mean
it's been tough I've never been in a
situation or where I've had a serious
injury or I even had to get surgery so
you know it's been it's been tough I
have never been to a situation like that
but uh uh I got I got a nice support
group so I'm fine we really don't know
to be honest something happened to where
the second time when I completely tore
my meniscus so I'm sure something
happened but we don't know if it's
because I came back too soon
no I don't know yet
well I'd like to to finish my career the
right way so if they would they would
grab me a six-year then I I think I
might come back and we've talked about
it but as far as I'll go
I should hopefully with a prayer
hopefully I am well I say I'm part of
staff now so I feel like a coach I get
the dress I know that's the only thing
I'm missing I was playing the pro-am
back at home and it was real hot in the
gym and the guys slippery on the floor
and I I slipped here fell Detroit July
lights bang male
that I was not playing this whole season
maybe two months
they still act like they don't they
don't believe me so I mean they all say
you're gonna be a practice tomorrow
it's joking with me every day so I don't
know they took it you know
I guess as well as you can take a player
on your team going out but I mean it's
really nothing they can do I'm the older
guy so usually I would talk to them
about something like that you know oh
yeah oh yeah we got too many young guys
too many too many personalities to be
down you know I mean it's basketball you
know I'm not gonna I'm not gonna let it
hinder me for everything else you know I
mean I took it bad it's something that I
love to do but also I'm of course to
graduate in May so I can't let that stop
me from you know my ultimate goals six
so pray about for a half
I don't know I've never done it before
but I think I rehab strong I know
they'll be before eight months okay
thank you guys